feat(HTTP): Refresh 4XX response pages (#34620)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/413/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`413 Content Too Large`** status response code is part of the `400`-`499` class of [client error responses](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#client_error_responses) and indicates that the request entity is larger than limits defined by server; the server might close the connection or return a {{HTTPHeader("Retry-After")}} header field.

> Prior to RFC 9110 the response phrase for the status was **`Payload Too Large`**, and that message is still widely used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to RFC 9110 the response phrase for the status was **`Payload Too Large`**. This message is still widely used.
```

Author: done in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34620/commits/5ec35dbdd45b72e904277ceab6f6106a745a6c10#diff-ec73ff932607a62fe028b9d0fff5b28ed40679f0942ccdaa853c961faa6f197cR13

## Status

```http
413 Content Too Large
```

## Examples

### File upload limit exceeded

> The following example shows what the client may send when an [input](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/file) element uses an image on form submission with `method="post"`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows what the client may send when an [`<input type="file">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/file) element includes an image on form submission with `method="post"`:
```

Author: done in 5ec35dbdd45b72e904277ceab6f6106a745a6c10
